there are many treaties of gt5 and good today
I bring you a trick to get inside
of the alien workshop is a very trick
very easy to do and as you are seeing
what you will need is to have two
characters in case you have
less than a million you do not need to have
two characters I'll explain them by
the reason why you need two me in
my case as I have more than five million
What I have to do is take the
secondary character and take out all that
money - for 600,000 that is to say let
less than a million dollars in the bank
once you get all the money
what do you need to take out with the character
secondary what you will have to do is
go to catch the main character as
you have seen I have left some
600,000 in the character in the bank
then now with the character
main I will have 600,000 just now
as you are going to see I am going to take the character
main and with that character is going to be
with which we are going to make the clip is a
trick how are you going to see very easy to do
you will not take much longer and you have just
see that I just caught the character
main now you are simply going to have
to come to this area
on the map so you can see it if not
you know where your vis is inside this
caravan you jump over and you will have to
put you exactly where I 'm going to put
just so that you get it right and that
enter inside the alien workshop os
you put more or less in this area where I
I was getting and now what
you will have to do is go buy a
vehicle but before that I'm going to
mark where you are in case you do not
you know and it is in this area
where are you seeing that I was now
same you put here on top of this
caravan you put in the place where I
I just put and go to travel and
transports in trips and transports
what you have to do is buy a
vehicle that is worth a million for that
I said you have to have less money
of a million and now what will happen
is that he's going to send us for playstation
store and he's going to tell us that we do not have
enough money to be able to buy that
vehicle will then send us as I have
told the playstation story once
inside the pri station history
we simply give the circle and go to
see that he will send us again for the
site where we were but in this case
what's going to happen is that we're going to be
already within that area and good is a
pretty curious area I was the first
came in because previously,
could because there was no cliché or
anything but good now that is
this clip then we can enter quite
easy and works exactly the same with
different sites already going up
previously to the channel but seen that it
I could also enter this area and I say
Well, I'm going to share it with
you so that things also enter
in case you've never seen it before
you have entered and that you can do so
that nothing the truth that is a very trick
easy as you have just seen is quite
simple or a rather curious place that
see and well I hope you liked it
let him schedule subscribe where not
you are and see you in the next one
then